- So we just created our first controller
to handle the simplest case of
a user sending a message to a destination
and the web socket server broadcasting that message
back to other participants.
For our next coding exercise, we're going to
extend that controller to provide the
hallmark feature of any modern chat app.
We need to provide that visual key
that another participant is typing.
In order to provide that real time update
about users typing, we'll need to implement
a controller handler method
and map the additional topic subscription.
So let's get started so you can see how that's done.
To begin this exercise, I'm going into my controller package
and opening the chat controller class.
I'm gonna double click on the editor for that class
so we can maximize the space that we have.
So we're gonna pick up from where we left off
in our last exercise.
We need to add another method so that we can let
other users know when someone is typing.
So for our next method, we're gonna give it a name
handle user is typing,
something simple enough
and the message signature is going to be
the same as our other method.
So, I'm gonna copy from my incoming argument
a chat in message object.
I'm gonna copy the fact that, for now,
we're just gonna say if any exceptions happen,
this method will throw those exceptions.
Now, to handle this we will not do a simulated delay.
We're just gonna get right to returning a response.
And again, we're gonna use our chat out message object,
to encapsulate any responses that go out.
But for this response,
and for the simplicity of this exercise,
we're just gonna type a simple message.
Someone is typing.
I'm sure you can imagine as you mature this application
you might want to include some logic
so that you can tell who is typing
and send back their name.
But for our purposes, we're just gonna send
a simple message back,
and let's not forget that we also have to
finish this off by adding the correct message mapping.
For our message mapping we're gonna call this
the guest update URI for this controller
and the topic we want to send this back to
again we're gonna prefix that with topic
just as a convention.
And lets call this guest updates.
And that's it, there you have it.
We've made sure that there's now a method
to handle the logic that we want to happen
whenever a user is typing a message.
So quick review
To make sure that we can give our users that
visual indicator, that someone is typing,
we simply had to add another handler method
to our existing chat app controller, and,
as before we had to add the same mappings
and send to annotations.
Next, we'll focus on what we need to do
in our message broker component.